README.md, before:

# Hi, I'm Evan 👋🏻

I currently work as a Full Stack Engineer. I specialize in TypeScript, React, and Tailwind CSS.

I had the privilege of appearing as a guest on [The React Show](https://podcast.thereactshow.com/1764837/12142504) podcast!

I'm interested in programming languages like [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org) and [Go](https://go.dev).

Lately, I've been exploring [lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim); window management with [Hammerspoon](https://github.com/evan-walter/dotfiles/blob/main/.hammerspoon/init.lua); [TanStack Table](https://tanstack.com/table/latest); and [Electron](https://www.electronjs.org).

I really enjoy my tented [Ferris Sweep](https://github.com/davidphilipbarr/Sweep) keyboard with the [Dvorak](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dvorak_keyboard_layout) keyboard layout and my own [QMK](https://qmk.fm) customizations 🤓.

Other than coding 👨🏼‍💻, I enjoy fitness 💪🏻, hiking 🥾, traveling ✈️, outdoor activities 🌊, and hanging out with family and friends 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦.

Commit message:

docs: update readme with lily58 keyboard

README.md, after:

# Hi, I'm Evan 👋🏻

I currently work as a Full Stack Engineer. I specialize in TypeScript, React, and Tailwind CSS.

I had the privilege of appearing as a guest on [The React Show](https://podcast.thereactshow.com/1764837/12142504) podcast!

I'm also interested in programming languages like [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org) and [Go](https://go.dev).

Lately, I've been exploring [lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim); window management with [Hammerspoon](https://github.com/evan-walter/dotfiles/blob/main/.hammerspoon/init.lua); [TanStack Table](https://tanstack.com/table/latest); and [Electron](https://www.electronjs.org).

I really enjoy my tented [Ferris Sweep](https://github.com/davidphilipbarr/Sweep) keyboard and, as of recently, my [Lily58](https://github.com/kata0510/Lily58) with the [Dvorak](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dvorak_keyboard_layout) keyboard layout and my [QMK](https://qmk.fm) customizations 🤓.

Other than coding 👨🏼‍💻, I enjoy fitness 💪🏻, hiking 🥾, traveling ✈️, outdoor activities 🌊, and hanging out with family and friends 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦.
